before we begin let me start by saying
Frank Capra's message of meet John Doe
is to love that neighbor but the man
across the street from me sits on his
front porch drunk singing thank you for
being a friend and the one next door to
me little I wanted to comes from the
Dueling Banjos scene and deliverance so
I'm a pass the stars of our movie today
ah sergeant York not as dick you'll
notice dick Sargent you gotta put the
two last names together and I'll who the
hell ever knew the difference in those
two anyway
play our story begins with an American
tale as old as time a news organization
deciding the American people don't
matter and they can make more money
selling lies and don't be dragging your
politics into the comments talking about
this news organization or that one
because to be frank they all equally
suck and as follows to make more money
they cut jobs pretty ugly young or old
they don't care hit the road bits and
buy you at it go ahead and let the door
hit you where the good Lord split you I
don't give a damn and to get revenge one
of the fire bits and decides to make a
final column a fake story for a man
named John Doe who plans to protest the
state of our country's politics by
jumping off the top of City Hall and
eating cement so upon publication of the
story the governor stories read it and
they like well how can I put this
delicately I'll just put it to you by
quoting my drunk singing neighbor when
he's outside arguing with himself as a
goddamn lie and they tell the governor
they think this is a mad genius plot by
the publisher 1 DB Norton to create a
sense of oh how shall we say this
dissatisfaction among the people so DB
Newton can win the next election but the
public is head over heels in love with
this non-existent John and then the
editor calls and back into the office
hoping she'll help him find the
non-existent John but then she's like oh
how can I put this delicately
this goddamn lie and that is like what
and then is like you heard me it's got
that not would you need to keep the
store running so you can make that money
you so desperately desire and you need
somebody to write the goddamn lies me
and you need a bum off the streets to
read the goddamn lies oh look just what
we need a passel of bums pretending to
be John
let's pick one no not him no I don't
think so
too skinny this is not the face of a man
hater Corliss empathize will oh who dis
someone who needs some lovin I think and
some food who he noted hard-boiled
sulfur bombs and ain't nobody gonna love
that neighbor he gonna be fighting up
the block and every bum got some bum
friend hanging around for meal okay
pause this reminds me of my other
neighbor on the other side he came over
like you got a light and I was like no
and he was like oh okay well you got a
cigarette and you know I said I said
what oh you guys I have it and look -
bum be taking the food but he's frowning
on the money well what the hell you
think they used about a damn food dummy
but I digress
so they put John his friend the colonel
up in a fine room and get Johnson fine
clothes while his bum Colonel friend
starts beating about people with money
and how more money more problems then he
can write if you got nothing you got
nothing to lose I know the feeling and
then he go on about how they all he lots
lots of heels that need more money to
take care of this day bought with the
money they had it's gone now and gotta
be chasing down other people to get
their money - sounds exhausting ooh
ceramic titties swing goes on about our
business of right not a goddamn lies and
the people unite into mobs of
anti-politician neighbor loving
troublemakers sign me up
and the Gunners like I still think it's
a goddamn lie banan tells BB notin put
John on the national radio you see the
local folks going hog-wild you ain't
seen nothing compared to what could
happen if you put a live for a three
hundred and twenty five point seven
million ants but then mama do what my
must do
she put a guilt trip on an and give us
her the Journal of her daddy her dead
daddy
and suddenly angle getting all
sentimental and uses the journal the
right Johnson goddamn lies but this
right here has connections to the owner
of a rival paper ready to give John even
more money if during his speech tonight
he'll read a pre-written letter
admitting it's all a goddamn lie but
Ann's falling in love with the man she
made up who writes like her daddy and
she's like mama told me to look into
your eyes and I'd see father there and
it sounds like this woman got herself a
serious daddy complex
and John's like well all that daddy talk
got me hot so I'm already goddamn liar
as he reads it he starts to think of it
as the goddamn truth and the people buy
it in DB nuns like all hell yeah I can
make it to the White House on this
cracker [ __ ] but John tries to run
off but he sees the whole damn world has
been inspired by his lies excuse me here
goddamn lies and tells him about all the
John Doe clubs that started all around
the country and one group comes in and
one of the men says yeah I was just
sitting in my living room one day with
the window hanging open and I heard this
crazy man across the street singing
thank you for being a friend and I
thought ain't no way in hell I'm
approaching that crazy bit I just
started calling him drunk uncle and
mumbling about him under my breath but
then one day I was out walking my cat
and the crazy old [ __ ] say hey and I
was getting ready to prepare my no I
ain't got a lighter or cigarette what
you ain't got nothing but I haven't
speech until he said you like the Golden
Girls well I was rather taken aback by
this question so I quite shall I said
yes I do like the Golden Girls then we
got to talkin about which golden girl we
are and how standing nothing but a bunch
of galoop and next thing I knew we were
sitting on his porch together singing
Miami is nice what I'm trying to say is
don't go killing your damn self there
could be other Golden Girls fans in the
world in the same neighborhood just
waiting to be best friends so long story
short John travels the world giving his
speeches and rallying the John Doe clubs
while DB Norton paves his road to the
White House and of course Anne and John
fall in love well I think they do
because John tells Ann something about a
dream he had while he was her daddy and
got a spanker hello this love story's
kind of up until the night of a big
rally where all the John Doe clubs from
around the country gathered to hear John
speak and DB tells and he wants John to
tell the people he endorses DB Norton
for president but John reads the speech
and wrecks DB Norton's fancy damn dinner
and he a saying she wrote the latest
goddamn lies and she's like oh yeah I
did but I didn't and just like be gone
thought oh I'm by the way when I get to
the convention i'ma tell them all what's
up and no one says yeah you go ahead and
try then I'll get to tell him all you
ain't nothing but goddamn life and John
gives a speech one that ain't written
Oh daddy and John runs off after
convention John tries to tell the
goddamn truth but they do him like he's
Forrest Gump and cut the mic cables and
they make sure everybody knows this
whole thing was a bunch of goddamn lies
and like any hero John goes to honor his
word which he didn't really write and
push himself off something tall but
Norton shows up to stop him and so does
Anne who don't call herself some
sickness running around in the cold rain
dummy and stop breathing his damn face
you're gonna give him your thought
disease and then the Golden Girls
buddies show up and John decides living
in so bad and he cares and off and they
live happily ever after done and be sure
to LIKE share and subscribe for regular
fix of meth you can expect me to upload
more videos when me and drunk uncle are
done singing Miami is nice so I'll say
it twice Miami has nice Miami is nice
Miami is for movies explained for I'm
gypped door door
I mean jib door down I mean Jim a dime
now I'm looking at my front window a
drunk uncle looking like lonely Lester
i'ma go give him a cuddle hey as a
goddamn lie